All right, so
let's take a look at this now.
So we can say for useState, we want to
get that initial value out of there.
So we'll go ahead and we'll say,
getStateFromLocalStorage will
be our initial value.
Verify that that works.
Right, because I decrement, I refresh,
was just putting back to 15 because that's
from our previous example what I
happen to have in local storage.
So we can verify that we are in
fact reading it from local storage.
Now to register an effect, we can
actually just put a second one here.
We can say useEffect.
And we'll say, storeStateInLocalStorage.
We'll give it that count.
Again, because it's using count,
it needs to have the count
in there as its dependency.
So now whenever the count changes, we'll
automatically store it in local storage
and we don't have to
think about it anymore.
We'll decrement, I'll refresh.
It is saved in local storage.
So you're like, this is great.
I want to do this all the time.
I'm into it, right?
But you can see that as you add this stuff
in here, it could get a little tricky.
And one of the things that I kind of want
to point out is these hooks are just
functions, right?
And so we've combined two already.
This idea of setting and using state and
this idea of using effects to update the
document title, to update local storage.
>> Quick with the useEffect.
We're doing that twice
with same dependency,
is that-
>> I mean, I could-
>> Just as an example would, you-
>> I could put two of them in
here as well.
>> So you'd normally split it
out based maybe on what
the dependencies are for each effect?
>> Maybe.
Right, in this case it was to
kind of keep them separate.
I'm about to refactor out,
use local storage as its own.
>> Gotcha.
>> Right, so in that case,
I need them separate.
Cuz I know that I'm gonna refactor it.
But could you theoretically
do this as well?
>> Since they're just JavaScript
functions, there's no big impact to having
multiple useEffect statements
versus putting it all [INAUDIBLE].
>> Right, I would imagine if
you got really carried away,
you could take it to its natural
conclusion, create a performance problem.
But I challenge you to
measure that one and
find it before we actually call it
out as never do those kind of things.
>> Sure.
>> You trade off the creation and
invocation of an additional
function over modularity, right?
And so it's like, do you want
an architecture that you can sustain?
Or do you want
the nanoseconds performance?
And I'm not saying that that
was a softball question.
Sometimes you need those
nanoseconds of performance.
And sometimes you need
the architectural tradeoffs.
We'll actually see that in the next app.
We'll do something.
We'll optimize for performance.
Then we'll optimize for our sanity and
undo our performance optimizations.
So that is a real question, and
the answer is always, it depends.
Which is really unsatisfying.
But again, here we are.